1. Pull All Content for Each Title
The eCFR API provides content at the section level using:
bash
Copy
Edit
https://www.ecfr.gov/api/versioner/v1/full/section/{title}-{part}.{section}
This means for each of the 50 Titles, we must:
Retrieve a list of all parts and sections under that Title.
Fetch the full text for every section within that Title.
2. Break the Content into Words
Once we retrieve the full text of a section:
Extract only the relevant text (ignoring metadata, headers, etc.).
Split the text into words using text.split(/\s+/) to count them.
Ensure special characters and punctuation don’t inflate the word count.
3. Summarize and Post the Total for Each Title
We need to:
Aggregate the word counts across all sections for each Title.
Store & display the total word count for each Title in our frontend table.
Implementation Considerations
API Rate Limits & Efficiency

Instead of making thousands of requests at once (one per section), we might:
Cache responses to avoid repeated calls.
Batch requests or implement delays if needed.
Data Storage

If eCFR data doesn’t change frequently, we might store word counts in the backend and update periodically instead of real-time.
Final Outcome
✅ Each Title in our frontend table will show:

A proper word count based on all text within that Title’s sections.
Next Step?
If you're aligned on this approach, we can:

Check the API for listing all sections within a Title.
Write a backend script to fetch, count, and store the data efficiently.
Does this sound good? Do you want me to check if the eCFR API has an endpoint for listing all sections under a Title first?

You said:
i think this is a really good, thorough approach. But yes can you double check to see if there is an existing tool that streamlines all this?
ChatGPT said:
​To calculate the total word count for each of the 50 titles in the Electronic Code of Federal Regulations (eCFR), you can utilize the eCFR's API to retrieve the full text of each section within a title and then compute the word count. Here's a step-by-step approach:​

Retrieve the Structure of Each Title:

Each title in the eCFR is organized hierarchically into chapters, subchapters, parts, subparts, and sections. To gather all sections under a specific title, you can use the eCFR's API to navigate through this hierarchy.​
Fetch the Full Text of Each Section:

Once you have the list of all sections within a title, use the eCFR API to fetch the full text of each section.​
Calculate the Word Count:

For each section's text, split the content into words and count them. Sum these counts to get the total word count for the entire title.​
Implementation Steps:

Step 1: Retrieve the Structure of Each Title:

Use the eCFR API to list all parts within a title. Each part can be further broken down into sections.​
Step 2: Fetch the Full Text of Each Section:

For each section identified in Step 1, use the eCFR API to retrieve its full text.​
Step 3: Calculate the Word Count:

For each section's text, remove any HTML tags or markup to extract the plain text.​
Split the plain text into words and count them.​
accessdata.fda.gov
+2
ecfr.gov
+2
ecfr.gov
+2
Accumulate the word counts of all sections to get the total word count for the title.